AUDIO SEGMENTS LIST FOR SUPABASE UPLOAD

1. "I'm a Data Policy Officer and I hold an ICO license. I was like, it belongs to you. It's your data. You're on it. It's yours. You can request it, you can have it and you can see it should always now."
   Timestamp: 8:48-8:58

2. "So this is what you're going to do. I say you're going to stop referring to them by the first name as like. And you're going to withdraw consent on them calling you by your first name. You're going to say to them you're only going to call me by Mrs. Xx and you're only going to refer to them as Sergeant, whatever the name is and remove all first name basis"
   Timestamp: 8:48-9:36

3. "When she did it the way I told her to, you responded within an hour after blanking her for three days. I was like, oh, okay, yeah, we're going to go and speak to such and such a mobile. So she got an instant response."
   Timestamp: 10:14-10:30

4. "That's not normal. You don't get ready for the surgery and then on the day you sprinkle some additives around it. A sling, a backpack. You don't just make up those additions on the way to surgery because you feel in the mood. That's not normal. Something as serious as that. It's not. A whimsical add on it should have. It should be thoroughly and robustly decided what you are going to have and not a momentary on the day we're going to throw a backpack on it and your arm's going to be in a sling."
   Timestamp: 20:41-21:17

5. "I can't for one minute find any reasonable reason on earth and there's a principle called the Wednesday the weddings berry principle and it's when would any other provider with a reasonable mind do what's being done with a reasonable mind?"
   Timestamp: 25:55-26:15

6. "I am a person who honors the system. I have deep respect for professionals. But what I don't like is is the integrity of the roles that they're fulfilling, seemingly erasing any sensitivity or professional conduct to these people whose lives are in their hands."
   Timestamp: 37:12-37:35

7. "Due process is a mindset of how things should be done in an orderly fashion that reflects best practice in health and safety, best practice in the the end users needs and their best interests. It's, it's just the way a formation is. I don't need to have done anything. A certain behavior is there that would ask the right questions before something unless it was completely alien where you have to have six pipes in your ear hole and do a drainage."
   Timestamp: 24:20-25:00

8. "Poor girl. I'm so proud of her for it to just outright. She doesn't know me from Adam, but she obviously trusts me because this is the girl who bought the station before news in the reception of the hotel. Yeah. So the fact that she just told me, I was like, you should be so proud of yourself. I was like, this must be really horrible for you to, like, talk about. I was like, and the fact that you've not let go and you still going ahead. I was like, I've got all the town in the world for."
   Timestamp: 8:13-8:41

9. "I'm not happy with that."
   Timestamp: 7:49-7:53 (from Meeting transcript)

10. "Yeah, I'm fuming already. I was. He came to see me. I was there from seven in the morning. Everything goes on. He came to see me and said I'm putting you down for two o' clock. He said, so I've got a three hour gap for you. There's something I want the speech about. So I was like, yeah, yeah, fine. He said, are you ready for this? I said, yeah, yeah, I'm good, I'm good, I'm ready. He said, I've got to put a backpack on your back. He said to keep it all intact. He said because the piece that's sticking out isn't the piece I'm worried about. He said, there's a huge massive piece inside and I don't know what it's stuck to. So we've got three hours anyway to have a go at getting it out. I said, great, everything great. He drawed the thing on me back. We're all good to go. Everything's happy days. He says, I'll see you at two. Okay, two o' clock. Comes in walks there needs to sister torso is. I'm going nap like that. And he just said, Mrs. Collins, I'm so sorry. He said, I've got bad news. I said, oh God. What? What do you mean? And he went we're not going to be able to go ahead with the theatre. I said, why? He said, because somebody in another theater can't say too much obviously is in trouble and we need. It's a matter of life and death and Mr. Y, that's who's doing the surgery needs has been called out to them. He's had to leave the surgery. He's had to leave the theater and go and see Juden. I said, oh my God."
   Timestamp: 3:34-5:31 (from Meeting transcript)

11. "One of the nurses just said I can't give too much away. She said that somebody in one of the other theaters is in trouble. And they need Mr. Yee to go and save the lives basically to matter. Life and death. I said. Oh, God. Like that. So then I just had to come home. Just Deflated. Deflated. So the 21st of July, got to go back and after surgery then."
   Timestamp: 5:50-6:32 (from Meeting transcript)

12. "Right. Let me just stop you in a second, okay? Because I've been on a roll today and we just need to get things a little bit straight. I actually do know what I'm doing and I actually do save lives and I actually do get things put in place. And the right things happen when it doesn't involve me family. Because they don't second guess or don't what I'm saying. You don't have a patient that's about to go into theater and the fear."
   Timestamp: 7:53-8:13 (from Meeting transcript)

13. "You don't have a patient that's about to go into theater and then on the day you sprinkle some additives around it. A sling, a backpack. You don't just make up those additions on the way to surgery because you feel in the mood. That's not normal. Something as serious as that should be thoroughly and robustly decided what you are going to have and not a momentary on the day decision."
   Timestamp: 20:30-21:00

14. "I actually do know what I'm doing and I actually do save lives and I actually do get things put in place. And the right things happen when it doesn't involve me family. Because they don't second guess what I'm saying."
   Timestamp: 7:55-8:10

15. "There's a principle called the Wednesbury principle and it's when would any other provider with a reasonable mind do what's being done with a reasonable mind?"
   Timestamp: 25:55-26:10

16. "Due process is a mindset of how things should be done in an orderly fashion that reflects best practice in health and safety, best practice in the end users needs and their best interests."
   Timestamp: 24:20-24:35

17. "I am a person who honors the system. I have deep respect for professionals. But what I don't like is the integrity of the roles that they're fulfilling, seemingly erasing any sensitivity or professional conduct to these people whose lives are in their hands."
   Timestamp: 37:12-37:30

18. "You should be so proud of yourself. This must be really horrible for you to talk about. And the fact that you've not let go and you still going ahead. I've got all the time in the world for you."
   Timestamp: 8:25-8:40
